He used his parents 50 million years ago .
The middle is strategic.
Agricultural Revolution This production goes up here
To the nation that self-property should go to the child with his own blood
Enter
The contents of the point when the ruler of the keisoko act before the act
Ask God. But there's a problem here.
I have destroyed the kingdom and the kingdom of the king.
But this happens to be interpreted
What is the concept that came out to explain that a thousand people were cut ?
That's right there.
U
Oh, hello.
It was a lot of work.
Was there anything uncomfortable to come to
Even though I have some inconveniences, what I have to solve is reincarnation .
It's not really a ceiling in time.
Humanities should not be written much in such a system, and should be active under the system.
Well, I've done this before.
uh
That 's what we learn.
What is the primary meaning of what you learn?
How does learning work?
The most basic meaning is imitation, so even when you study
The most basic reason for the letter is imitation.
Let's do it.
So when we say we learn, we always learn imitation.
Put it on the target and follow it. Now that's what we're trying to imitate
Target The model
We made it, or we made it before someone else.
Another made by us Oh we made it by one other member
Putting it in the system and doing it accordingly
Now that we study, we learn.
Would the human person making him the target of learning two people to learn it So
It's humanity.
Creator 1 It's the end of learning a user
I'm not treating you.
And that itneungeo learning is just one place that I'm in Rome
So when we say we learn to sense, we're going to learn to keep living for one euro.
Otherwise joggers will once'll gotta humanity
But gohal away Expecting that 12 is the spot
It's not easy to be scared.
Sometimes
Sometimes this is not my adverb I used wrong
Very often Very often
He's become a toddler of his tools.
The power of reference in the process of imitation
The Good Fire of Creation
What this is going to turn into things you can feel the flicker of humanity squirming
It's an introductory orientation to the length
That's a humanistic insight.
Through the process of making the factory
I actually believed that you could have the power to act.
So, Nozai criticizes
Not on Activity
It will be open to us through this hat .
Confucius
I emphasize blame.
The first letter in the column
In the following
No , no, no, no, no, no.
Haha default is to know well the second system do well out more
This may be the first of the word, but give the deer sseuk Department skiing Analects
What reason for coming to the big tree is the most important concept to you over the whole of you
It's not.
It's a lesson . Repeat in imitation.
By the way, Confucius's repeated training in imitation is the way to go.
I did not mean to say this.
What does the factory say ?
The greatest scriptures in that era when Confucius lived
The highest level of high e- book philosophy
0 cd 5 pm followed Format
That's why Confucius says,
Out of politics
If you do not handle all the little things right
Hey cupcakes were forces
Is there Athos ?
Through the process of making Confucius
I actually believed that you could have the power to act.
Right way
Confucius has this system of one
Fortune 1
Learn to open people ì© attitude no
I did not expect it to end up in an open attitude.
What Confucius is aiming at is
In the end, what we wanted to go was the creative origin that we could do
It believed in the factory, but oh so thin that it is to be composed of a single system
Way
The market is so lonely, Nozagai criticizes it.
It's the first letter in Lok Daekuk.
Tojo or
An end appearing in the Tao Te Ching bueoyo car because the most important thing that's wrong
Yes. Yes.
This is the story when Nozai criticizes Confucius.
Aesthetics 1 is to make things better every day.
Strengthening something every day
In other words, I do my way of doing the latitude stone
This
One hand to take away a little each day
To do something
In other words, you have to look at the world when you see it.
I believe that it is my belief system
I'm going to take it down, reduce it, weaken it .